docs: add document for 'substring' function (#963)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/reference/function/text.md

| apple,pear | apple | pear |
| cat,dog    | cat   | dog  |

## substring

`substring(string, start, length)` - extracts a substring from the given string.

**Arguments:**

- `string` is a string to extract from.
- `start` is an integer specifying the position of the first character to be
  extracted. Positions start from `1`.
-  `length` is an integer specifying the count of characters to be extracted.
  Should be non-negative.

**Return value:**

> Returns a string with the extracted characters. If any for the arguments is `null`,
> returns `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a string with the extracted characters. If any part the arguments is `null`,
the function returns `null`.
```

**Examples:**

```questdb-sql title="Example"
SELECT id, substring(id, 1, 2) country FROM orders LIMIT 3
```

| id              | country |
| --------------- | ------- |
| UK2022072619373 | UK      |
| UK2022072703162 | UK      |
| US2022072676246 | US      |

> If the `start` argument is negative, the substring will stop at position
> `length + start` if the end position is greater than 1, otherwise empty string.

Reviewer: -5+9=4 but the output stops at position 3? I may have missed something but having played around I observes the  behaviours:

```suggestion
If the `start` argument is negative, the output depends on the value of `start+length`:
- If `start+length` is greater than 1, the substring stops at position `start+length - 1`.
- If `start+length` is zero, the output is empty string.
- If `start+length` is less than zero, the output is `null`.
```
And in this way the example makes sense.

Author: well, characters here are 1-indexed
